Hi there winner,

welcome to the number one resource on how to win penny auctions cheaply. After investing a considerable amount of time, money and effort and, having amased a wealth of knowledge in online auctions and penny auctions, I've finally decided to share this knowledge I have mustered over the past few years. Penny auctions have taken the UK and Europe by storm. At the moment, Europe has over 500 Penny Auction sites running. Some big names have open and closed their shop (Swoopo) owing to high operating costs. Others are still going strong, likes of Beezid.com, MadBid.com, QuiBids are still shipping out brand new cheap products like iPhone 5s, iMac, Kindle, Samsung Galaxy and more to 100s of winners everyday. Newer penny auctions are springing up everyday, latest to the addition is WellBid.co.uk. 

<!--Popular UK based online auction site MadBid have turned the heat up with it's "Bid or Buy" game model to minimise the risk of customers losing out. -->
BeeZid is massively popular in the US and ship products to the UK as well. All in all, things look exciting and fun in the Penny Auction world. If you are looking to buy a brand new cheap iPhone, cheap iMac, cheap Samsung Galaxy, cheap Amazon Kindle, xBox, a brand new Ultrabook or any brand new fresh out of the box technology product, you have come to the right spot. Why pay retail when you can buy the same product for 95% of it's original value. This site is a humble attempt to give you the highs and lows of available penny auctions within the UK and Europe. I hand-pick online auction sites and give you the lowdown on each site so that you can decide on which penny auction site works best for you. As you might well imagine, this process is going to take some time so please be patient with me and don't forget to signup for my free newsletter and I will keep you informed about promotional offers, exclusive news on penny auctions, reviews and detailed reports. All this is free!!


About me, I've worked for one of the world's largest and oldest online auction websites for over 4 years and, am a regular user on a few other penny auction sites on a regular basis. In all I have won over 300 products using some simple techniques that I would like to share with you. Read through all the details and I'll teach you tips / techniques on how to go about winning the iPhone 5 you've always wanted. Why just an iPhone, with time you will know the low down techniques on how to out-bid your rivals and, get the product that YOU have always wanted. 

Before you know what you are getting into, go through the Penny Auction FAQs section.


Latest Reviews and Promo Codes



