Hi there winner,

If you are looking to buy a brand new cheap iPhone, cheap iMac, cheap Samsung Galaxy, cheap Amazon Kindle, xBox, a brand new Ultrabook or any brand new fresh out of the box technology product, you have come to the right spot. 

Just so that you know I've worked for one of the world's largest online auction sites and, I can teach you tips / techniques on how to go about winning the iPhone 5 you've always wanted. Why just an iPhone, with time you will know the low down techniques on how to out-bid your rivals and get the product that YOU have always wanted. 

Before you know what you are getting into, let us go through the massive list of speculations out there about pay to bid sites. 

Question 1) So, are pay to bid sites a scam? 

Answer) No, they are not. The idea is that you pay for every bid you place since the price of the auctions start at £0.00. Every bid you make, the price goes up by a penny. Of course the profit pay to bid sites make is a lot, but remember technology for this doesn't come cheap. Most of the money made is spent on their various activities. How do I know all of this? Well, I worked for one before so you can rest assure a lot of stuff in here is worth it's weight in gold.

Question 2) Statistically, I can see an iPhone 4 sold for as low as 99p and also it sold for £75.00. Does this information help?

Answer) Yes, it helps if you know the complete history of the particular auction. When did it start, how many credits you placed, ther users bidding on it etc. Most new users start out by bidding on an iPhone or any other Apple product. Wrong! This is the catch. You are sucked into the big auction and yes, they have big players who will out muscle every one of you. More information on how to out think your bidding rivals is on the vault.


Question 3) Are sites like MadBid gambling?

Answer) Contrary to popular belief, they are not. The site makes money per bid placed. Each bid comprises a set of credits. Credits have a value (or can be free) based on the package purchased. Typically a bid package would cost 27.99 for 275 credits ON MadBid. Or, if you decide to sign up right now, you can get 550 credits for £27.99! That is a massive double up bonus offer. More about using offers later


Question 4) Do ordinary people really win?

Answer) Yes, ordinary people WIN! Anyone can win. The only question is are you willing to spend time and a little bit of your money smartly to become a winner on pay to bid sites. MadBid ships at least 5 brand new iPhones a week and 100s of other products including Appli iMac, Kindles, Samsung Galaxy, Dell Laptops, Acer Ultrabooks, LG Flat Screen HD TVs and more. Check some of these guys out, they have won Cars for £6.00. Checkout this video from the BBC, needless to say, people are winning on madbid!


Question 5) Whom do you recommend amongst all pay to bid sites and why?

Answer) I would say MadBid. It is a safe option. Why? On most of the products you can use a Buy Now option to recover the credits lost. So say you spent £200 on an auction and decided to quit. You've upto 7 days to buy the product even if you didn't win and claim it towards a buy now discount. So if the product cost £400 and you spent £200, You get the product by paying an additional £200. It is a way of minimising your loss.


Question 6) Are these products refurbished?

Answer) No, the products you get are absolutely brand new! What else do you need!


Question 6) OK, I am ready to win, give me more!

Answer) Since you've come so far, subscribe to my newsletter and gain access to all the information on how to win on MadBid, QuiBids, BidRivals and Ziinga. If you think you are ready and want to start winning, click here and get an additional 100% extra credits! Remember to come back and checkout the vault for members only information, it is FREE!! 